[Music]
hi everyone
liberty here today i'm going to show you
how to make a drink that's recipe has
been so popular on the good food website
i'm sure you've seen on our instagram as
well it is the whipped
coffee and this time we're making it for
one person
[Music]
so what you will need is one and a half
tablespoons of coffee granules
one tablespoon of caster sugar
[Music]
now you have to add the boiling water
and give it a stir
until the mixture dissolves
if you are in fact doing this by hand
it will take you 8 to 10 minutes
it is a workout but it is absolutely
worth it
if you're using an electric mixer or a
stand mixer
it will take you four to five minutes on
a really high speed
you can watch it as it changes color
[Music]
what you should be left with is a
meringue like mixture
it should be super soft really thick
and lovely and glossy now all you have
to do
is fill your glass three quarters of the
way up
with whatever milk is your preference
[Music]
and top that with your delicious whipped
coffee mix
[Music]
to drink it give it a good stir up so
all of the coffee is combined into the
milk
and you should get a delicious creamy
[Music]
mixture
so
thank you so much for watching enjoy
your coffee and i will see you next time
for another cooking for one video
[Music]
you